{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28520\viewh16500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Project Name: Deli Counter\
\
Project Description: Add a computerized customer queue monitoring and reporting system which tracks and displays the customers in line with an order.\
\
Business Need\
Track customer orders\
\
Business Objective\
Improve Productivity\
\
\
Assumptions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
At the beginning of the day, the deli is empty.\
No customers are waiting for service prior to opening for business.\cf0 \
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Dependencies\
The process start time sets the initial conditions for the customer queue.\
\
\
Constraints\
\
\
\
Requirement Table\
\
\
Requirement 1 Description\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A process should exist to display \cf2 on Deli Serving Monitor Screen \cf2 the following message \cf2 when no customers are in line.\cf2   \
\'93There is nobody waiting to be served!\'94.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Requirement 1 Details\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Requirement 2 Description\
A process should exist to obtain and store the name of the customer and their order.\
\
Requirement 2 Details\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Requirement 3 Description\
A process should exist to add a customer to the line and remove the customer from the line.\
\
Requirement 3 Details\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Requirement 4 Description\
A process should exist to display \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"The line is currently empty." on the Deli Serving Monitor Screen\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 .\
\
Requirement  4 Details\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Requirement 5 Description\
A process should exist to display \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
track the customer\'92s order status on the Deli Serving Monitor Screen\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 .\
\
Requirement  5 Details\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Closed Issues.\
What is the list of menu items the customer can order?  The process can present a list or the customer can type their order.\
What is the correct message to display when no customers are waiting to be severed and in line.  \
The current messages are:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93There is nobody waiting to be served!\'94\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'94The line is currently empty."\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The local deli is putting in a new computerized queue to keep track of their customers and improve productivity. \
\
At the beginning of the day, the deli is empty so the queue should be represented by an empty array. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Build an array of objects that holds the customer\'92s name, and what they ordered. \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Build a function that puts a string containing what the person ordered and a string containing the name of the person wishing to join the line in the array.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Build a function that displays everyone\'92s current place in line on an HTML table. \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If there is nobody in line, it should say "The line is currently empty.".  Remember that people like to count from 1, not from 0 ("zero") like computers.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Build a function which should call out (i.e. display on the webpage) the next person in line and then remove them from the front. \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If there is nobody in line, it should call out (display on the webpage) that "There is nobody waiting to be served!".
\fs24 \cf5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
}